## Overview

The Bigcommerce API can both accept requests and respond in JSON or XML. Requests should be encoded using the UTF-8 character set. Other character sets may have unpredictable results. In this document, the examples are shown in the JSON format.

## Request content type 
When performing a request that contains a body (eg. POST or PUT), the type of content you are sending needs to be specified in the Content-Type header. The values for this header are specified in the data types below. For example, to send an xml body, the header would be: <code> Content-Type: application/xml </code>

## Important Request headers 
<table class="table table-bordered ">
            <thead>
             <tr>
               <th style="width: 100px;">Header</th>
               <th style="width: 50px;">Value</th>
               <th>Description</th>
             </tr>
            </thead>
            <tbody>
             <tr>
               <td>Accept</td>
               <td>application/json,application/xml </td>
               
               <td>The MIME type of the request body used to validate and parse the API</td>
             </tr>
             <tr>
               <td>Authorization</td>
               <td>Basic </td>
               
               <td><p>User credentials for accessing the API eg - Basic YWRtaW46cGFzc3dvcmQ.</p>
                    <p> If you are using this header, the key should be generated by base64 encoding the string "username:api_key". This can "admin:key1" or "user:key2" </p>

                </td>
             </tr>
             <tr>
               <td>If-Modified-Since</td>
               <td>Date (RFC2822) format</td>
               
               <td>If supplied, then only resources modified since the specified date will be returned. If there are no modified objects, then a 304 Not Modified response will be sent. Please refer to the individual resource pages for support for this header. eg - Tue, 15 Nov 2011 12:45:26 GMT </td>
             </tr>
             
            </tbody>
          </table>
